Let me introduce myself. I am Oleg Rybak, a junior frontend developer, 
studying at the Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics 
and am currently studying the RSSchool interface course. 
My life is very diverse. I think I have a great character.
I always try to help people.
I like to laugh and joke. I have a sense of humor.
I am hardworking and ambitious. I set high goals for myself and work hard to achieve them.
I'm sociable, so I have a lot of friends. I appreciate the honesty, frankness and politeness of people.
I don't like it when people are rude and aggressive.
In my free time, I like to watch movies, TV series, read a book or physical activity.

I started my acquaintance with programming by studying Java.
But after a certain period of time, my friend suggested that I try web programming.
He recommended Rs shcool. In 2020, I graduated from the courses JS from the IT Academ . 
And now I have signed up for this set at Rs school.
Learning here requires patience and perseverance, 
as well as the ability to clearly ask questions in order to find answers to them.
Here they give out difficult but not impossible tasks.I liked the Museum task the most.
That task was divided into three parts, each of which required different skills.
Each of which required very little effort, but in the end I coped with all of them.
I like the competitive spirit, but still I do not blame other students on the cross check, 
and even sometimes I put higher. Before signing up for the course,
 I started studying ReacеJs on the It-kamasutra channel. 
There, the learning process is also built on self-study, only they don't give out tasks there
I got to the point of studying React/Redux.In the future, 
I will to study this topic more deeply and then switch to Full-stack.

With the help of these courses, I plan to find a job where I can develop as a web programmer.
I believe that web programming nowadays occupies an important place in programming, 
because the user who visits the site is not interested in the data that is stored on the server,
 but he likes how the site is made and how he can interact with this site.
Therefore, the profession of a web programmer is very popular nowadays, 
and I believe that I will be able to work in this profession.